Threats have been around well before civilization.
Meteors were clearly a threat to dinosaurs,
Saber-toothed tigers were a threat to cave people.
As the world evolved, so did threats.
In the modern world for example,
bank robbers became threats to banks and the institutions had to find ways to understand,
identify, mitigate, and respond to these threats.
Today, as the world relies more heavily on digital assets,
the threat evolution has only been amplified and the same process applies.
Companies have to understand the digital threats and how to manage them.
Now a key differentiator in this evolution and present day threats and issues
is that threats no longer have to be physically present to inflict damage.
Cyber threats can be activated and
vulnerabilities exploited from almost anywhere in the world.
Virtual bank heist for example,
costs the financial industry billions of dollars and you
no longer have to walk into a bank with a mask on to rob it.
That's where we are today.